all right crystal what's on your radar
Wow the New York Times finally got
around to covering to our raid sexual
assault allegation against Joe Biden and
his soccer would say once again they've
really covered themselves in glory fines
campaign does deny those allegations boy
this article really has it all
suspicious timing what about ISM secret
edits and of course absolutely blatant
hypocrisy I guess they were finally
successfully shamed into at least
acknowledging that the allegation exists
but the mental gymnastics they go
through to absolved by not only does a
disservice to Ms Reid and to the
American public but seriously undermines
whatever remaining credibility The Times
had when it comes to reporting in a fair
and impartial manner on these sorts of
claims so here's the story it's by
Sidney ember and Lisa Lehrer it's called
examining tar Reid sexual assault
allegation against Joe Biden and even
the subhead is loaded says Ms Reid
a former Senate aide has accused mr.
Biden of assaulting her in 93 and says
she told others about it a Biden
spokeswoman said the allegation is false
and former Senate office staff members
do not recall such an incident why would
the office staff recall an incident that
they were not part of and did not
witness and that tard never said she
told them about let's start though with
the timing are you at all surprised that
the times waited until Joe's only
remaining competitor had dropped from
the race as front of the show Brianna
joy gray points out well it took the
times more than two and a half weeks
after Katie Helpers interview posted and
after Ryan grim story posted compare
that to the only two days that it took
for The Times to pick up the ball after
Ryan's story about the Kavanaugh
allegation gee wonder why in the piece
though they assure readers that quote
soon after Ms Reid made the new
allegations the Times began reporting on
her account and seeking corroboration
through interviews documents and other
sources and look in fairness these
things do take some time to report out
but it sure does seem like a big
coincidence that the story drops on
Easter Sunday near days after Bernie
Sanders officially exits the race
leaving Democrats with no other options
than the deeply flawed Biden especially
when I took no time at all for the times
to spin up a story on the Cavanaugh
allegations of dr. Ford and also Debra
Ramirez after those came to
like the timing is not the only area
where tar received disparate treatment
not by a longshot
remember the context here Tara actually
has more contemporaneous evidence than
dr. Ford ever did Leland Kaiser the
friend that dr. Ford says she was with
the night of the alleged assault does
not recall being at a party like the one
dr. Ford described and does not believe
that she ever met Brett Kavanaugh on the
other hand according to the New York
Times a friend of Tara's and a brother
of Tyrus both recalled being told of
that incident regarding Terra and Joe
Biden at the time when it allegedly
occurred now look that doesn't mean that
either incident happened or didn't
happen but when it comes to weighing
those allegations one clearly has more
backup than the other in addition the
Times actually confirms another
important part of Tara's story Tara had
mentioned previously that after
complaining of sexual harassment she was
effectively demoted well The Times was
able to find interns from that time
period who did in fact were called tars
duties being shifted away from
management in addition seems fairly
relevant that in terms of credibility
seven other women have come forward to
describe unwanted and inappropriate
behavior from mr. Biden some of which by
the way has been captured on camera no
such record existed with mr. Kavanagh
and yet while The Times was happy to
give dr. Ford the benefit of the doubt
and draw no conclusions about what may
or may not have occurred they decided in
bizarre fashion to attempt to adjudicate
this particular complaint the original
story from The Times about Tara Reid's
allegations included this absolutely
mind-boggling line quote we found no
pattern of sexual misconduct by Biden
beyond hugs kisses and touching that
women previously said made them
uncomfortable so let me get this
straight
New York Times just casually out of hand
dismisses the behavior that seven other
women described as inappropriate
harassment in order to render Joe's
verdict as obviously innocent clearly
you can't imagine this same standard
being employed for a Republican or an
anti-establishment Democrat like Bernie
probably making matters much worse they
then edited that line to remove the part
about hugs and touching but without even
noting the correction had occurred and
deleted the accompanying tweet that used
that same language
so now the story just says they found no
pattern of sexual misconduct and doesn't
even mention that a pattern of
harassment has most certainly been
uncovered
apparently the Biden campaign called the
manager and got their way surprised the
prize and another outrageous comment The
Times noticed that Ms Reid has filed an
official police complaint but that quote
filing a false police report may be
punishable by a fine and imprisonment
that is a blatant and shameful
insinuation that they believe her story
is false without actually of course
coming out and saying it but wait
there's more just to make sure you're
absolutely clear-eyed about the fact
that even if you do believe tarah in
spite of the times during their level
best to dismiss her out of hand that
your only other candidate option Donald
Trump is way way worse in a paragraph
that serves no discernible other purpose
they right quote president Trump has
been accused of sexual assault in this
conduct by more than a dozen women
who've described a pattern of behavior
that went far beyond allegations against
mr. Biden the president also directed
illegal payments including $130,000 to a
pornographic film actress stormy Daniels
please tell me pray tell what exactly
stormy Daniels has to do with whatever
happened between Joe Biden and tar Reid
back in 1993 do these people think that
we're idiots do they think we're not
gonna notice how they find every
possible way to dismiss the allegations
of a woman who happens to be accusing a
man that they support do they think they
can just pronounce we found no pattern
of sexual misconduct with a hand wave
about the other kissy touchy stuff that
some people complained about look
whether you believe tarah or not whether
you believe dr. Ford or not it doesn't
serve women to be so blatantly
hypocritical and apply such obvious
double standards even going so far as
making hidden edits to try to cover your
tracks
in fact it serves no one and nothing for
the most prestigious paper in the
country to serve so blatantly as a
propaganda wing of the Democratic
establishment carrying their water
explaining away their sins and always
with the obvious subtext well at least
they're better than Trump and here's the
thing sagar and this is what we've tried
to be consistent with say you can have a
standard that says we're gonna take
women seriously we're going to
err on the side of believing what they
have to say you have to apply that
consistently or you can have a stand
that says we're gonna play a very
critical eye to these allegations we're
gonna try to find the weak points and
point out the holes apply that
consistently but what we see here is
Ryan publishes a story about a Cavanaugh
accuser and they're right on it with
this very fluffy piece about how dr.
Ford has been dragged into public
spotlight very favorable to her on the
other hand when it started accusing Joe
Biden it takes two and a half weeks
happens to come out after Bernie Sanders
has dropped out of the race drops on an
Easter Sunday
they absolutely bury it in terms of
their newsletter that they send out
trying to keep people from even reading
it and then the treatment of tarah is so
critical and the and they find
everything they can to provide
exculpatory information for Joe Biden
never happened that way with Brett
Kavanaugh no it didn't and that's the
most outrageous and infuriating part I
went back and I looked which is first of
all let start with the very couple
things the headline writes amening Tara
Reid's allegation Oh first of all the
reader might ask who is Tara Reid this
is the first time the New York Times has
ever covered yeah Tara Reid yeah no I
went back to Julie sweat Nick's
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh which
is an outright lie and it was said third
woman accuses Brett Kavanaugh of sexual
assault why was the headline not Joe
Biden accused of sexual assault first of
all that's the number one thing that
they start with then let's go in like
you said false testify arts they say
false filing a false police report is a
crime okay when I was around in this
town during the Kavanagh they said that
dr. Ford testified before Congress was
proof that she was not lying because
testifying before Congress is a crime
and who would ever do something that was
a crime literally the same people the
same words line by line this report is
in blatant cover-up for the Joe Biden
campaign and the timing this thing has
been out there for almost a month why
does it - magically just appears same
thing in the Washington Post first
mention of the thing ever before in the
Washington Post dropped last night
it is a actual this is the thing it's a
conspiracy it's an actual conspiracy by
these dear
by these papers to cover up this
allegation until it mattered and then
whenever it came time to do it to clear
his name
Oh explicitly why were those Trump
paragraphs in there what does that have
to do with anything else maybe my
favorite part because the bottom line is
always yeah but what are you gonna do
because on the other side you got no
other choice this guy's way worse that's
the only purpose that that serves and
it's just so blatantly obvious what
they're trying to do it like number one
okay we don't really believe her to
start with but if even if you do a
believer what are you gonna do you're
stuck with Joe so suck it up and vote
Joe that's always the bottom line is
suck it up and Moe if you don't believe
her just say it
there are actually a lot of people out
there on the right who were just like I
don't believe dr. Ford and they were
vilified for it rape apologists I mean
truly had reputations destroyed forever
and yet these people they're dancing
around it they don't believe her that's
the truth despite the fact as you said
in terms of contemporaneous in terms of
contemporary evidence and as these
things go by the standards that they set
in their Cavanagh coverage and during
the me2 era far more credible from that
point of view and it just demonstrates
what you know that famous Lindsey Graham
moment from all this is that it was all
about power from the very beginning is
that so much of it with just about
weaponizing these things in order to use
as power and line by line these same
media outlets by the way where's Ronan
Farrow where is Jane Mayer where are all
of these so-called journalism heroes we
know where Alyssa Milano yeah where's
Alyssa but we know where what are all
these people doing right now this story
here's what's so sad for me is that I
really didn't think that it was all just
political games
I really didn't I mean I I believe dr.
Ford and I believe that you should err
on the side of believing women because
look at what tar is going through right
now like this is not fun this isn't a
fun thing for a woman to go through
nobody's like let's have a party and
accuse a powerful man of sexual assault
and get dragged through the wringer by
you know and turned into a political
football and have everything I've ever
written and said in relationships and
financial status and you know with tar
it's always brought up that she changed
her name because of domestic violence as
if that makes her something
rusha catchy or fishy or that she wrote
something out rush what does that have
to do with anything like this is not a
fun thing to go through and we know just
by the data and by the numbers that
women are less likely to actually come
out and say something than they are to
come out and falsely report and that's
not to say that that never happens but
it's unusual to happen because of the
scrutiny and how nasty it is and how
horrible it is so I actually think that
is the right place to be in but when you
apply the standard so hypocritically
when you clearly have double standards
when you clearly have a political agenda
behind it where it's like well this
accusation this is one we like because
it goes so against somebody we don't
like so this one we're gonna give them
all the credibility in all the space in
the world
this one's inconvenient so we're gonna
bury it on Easter Sunday we're gonna put
an accusatory headline in we're gonna do
everything we can to dismiss the claim
and remind you that oh by the way filing
a false police report is a crime you
don't know that it's a false I mean it's
just so blatantly with ex culpa Tory
evidence I mean when I write for a
doctor when it meant there were
consequences line by line the headline
from the way that they write the story
the fact that they you know basically
the Biden campaign obviously went
apoplectic over that line the New York
time this is dystopian Orwellian they
yeah delete the sentence delete the
tweet it's just gone gone from the car
no no no a knowledge meant yeah and it's
just you can see this all play out it is
such a disgraceful situation and it's
what I was talking about in my radar is
that the these media people it's just
like Hillary they did every you know the
Hillary campaign never forgave the Times
for breaking that private email server
and then The Times never forgave itself
and went out of its way to try to
forgive it's just net a self flatulate
about house yeah we've been carrying our
own cup examining our coverage that led
to Donald Trump's election yeah they're
gonna be reading that one whenever it
comes to to 2020 because people know
they're not stupid that's what Glenn
Greenwald said he was like you think
people are just gonna forget the way
that you covered Breck have a dog versus
this one and they're not going to
conclude that this is an outrageous
political ploy they know they're not
gonna forget their people are not dumb
you can't just
white wash it away right this is so
sudden such a recent memory that it's so
clear what's happening here well I'm not
just on the political front like maybe
don't nominate someone who has these
kinds of issues if you think that you
know support for women and treatment of
women is an important issue like
Democrats can't ever make that case
against Donald Trump again they can't
make it with a straight face and so
they've undermined to their own
credibility you know they've undermined
the total credibility of the me to mooom
and I believe women who've it times is
fully undermined their credibility to be
able to adjudicate these kinds of
disputes and and report impartial manner
on these sorts of allegations which is a
challenging thing to do to start with
but they've completely blown whatever
credibility don't have mr. primont
all right next on rising curta virus has
hit some major cities hard Seattle
Chicago Detroit and especially of course
New York City but how do responses of
rural areas places with lower population
densities compared to that of cities
we're going to talk about that with
friend of the shows that Jelani when
rice and continued